                                                                        autogit:
                                                                 a comprehensive  tutorial

                                                                       by matesuu


                                                                        
                                                                1. Compiling and Running

To compile from the src folder, simply type the following line into your terminal interface:

    gcc main.c AUTOGIT.c -o autogit

or alternatively, use the Makefile provided within the src folder and type "make" within the directory.

As a side note, the scripts folder contains an early version of autogit that initially only supported automating
pushing and pulling, and can still be used if desired assuming the user only wants to make changes on a singular branch
for the duration of the repository's lifetime. 


                                                                2. The PATH Variable

In order for autogit to be useful, you must first move the given binary (or script) to your PATH variable. 
This is achieved by the following:

    sudo mv autogit /usr/local/bin

You can now run autogit from any directory.

                                                                3. Commands and Functionality

Here is a comprehensive list of commands and an explanation of their functionality:

help - displays help window
init - initalizes a local git repo and adds a remote repo via a URL ('origin')
remove - removes remote repository within a directory ('origin')
info - displays information regarding remotes ('origin')
new - creates a new branch within remote repo and switches current working branch to target branch
switch - switches the source branch to a given target branch
delete - deletes a branch within the remote repo
push - pushes all changes to a given branch
pull - pulls all changes from a given branch
kill - remotes remote repository within a directory ('origin') and removes .git folder deleting the local - autogit kill

                                                                4. Pushing and Pulling

In order to push to your remote repository, you must first initialize your repository in the parent directory folder by writing
to the terminal the following:

    autogit init <remote_url>

The remote url can be found on the specific repository page hosted on Github/Gitlab. Pushing and pulling can be achieved
through using the commands:

    autogit push <branch_name> <optional: commit message>

    autogit pull <branch_name>


                                                                5. Resolving Conflicts

Occasionally, there will be instances where conflicts that arise when using git and autogit will prevent you from pushing
to your remote repository. From my findings, this primarily results from issues when using rm -rf on the .git folder within your
local repository. To avoid this scenario, the deinit command ONLY removes the remote repo and not the local. However, if conflicts
still arise, you will have to manually resolve these conflicts in order to continue using both git and autogit. For more details,
see git --help.


                                                                6. Killing a repository

The autogit kill command is included within the tool assuming the user wants to not only remove the remote repository, 
but also wishes to delete the .git folder that tracks local version history. This is command is mainly included in the 
case that a folder is accidently initalized and is therefore not recommend for working repositories. If a repository is killed,
conflicts will likely arise forcing the user to resolve them manually (which can be difficult).

# END OF MANUAL FILE
